I hate rats they drive me crazy baby
Ashbury lunch
they locked me noon our room with rats
rats I hate rats they drive me crazy
crazy ice crazy once they love me new a
wet room it's rats rats I hate rats
they drive me crazy crazy ice crazy want
they locked me in a room a room with
rats rats I hate rats they drive me
crazy crazy eyes crazy once they lock me
in a room a web boom that's right rats I
hate rats
they drive me crazy crazy ice crazy once
they locked me down in a room 11
that's a rat rats I hate rats a dozen
crazy crazy
I was crazy once they locked me in room
a rubber room with the rats rats I hate
rats they drive me crazy crazy ice crazy
ones they lock me in the room rubber
room with rats rats I hate rats they
drive me crazy crazy I was crazy in
once-famous rats bats I think that hey
give me crazy crazy eyes crazy right
hey let me do a little move black rats
I ain't that they don't crazy thank you
ice creamy once fell off me new a
rubberman that's right rats I hate that
they drive me crazy crazy I was crazy
once fell off a new a rubber moon that's
rat rat I hate rats they drive me crazy
baby
ice cream would they not meet whoever
that's right that's I hate that they
don't
crazy crazy ice crazy ones that walk
however we'll put rats rats
I hate rats bedroom crazy crazy I say
once they lock me in a lab boom it's rat
rat I hate rats
they great crazy
I suppose you want I want new a web of
their at-bats I hate rats
hey gem crazy crazy ice crazy once they
locked me know
however that's right back I hate rats
they drive me crazy crazy ice crazy want
a rubber room with the rat rat I hate
that they go crazy crazy
I really want they watch me you know
moon
however rat I hate that they drive me
crazy crazy I say what I want
no rats
laughs I hate rats hey Joey things hey I
say woods
hey want me moon forever what's a rat
that's I hate that they drive me crazy
crazy eyes crazy watch that walk with
your group a room with rats rats I hate
that they drive me crazy crazy I trained
you since they watch me noon a rubber
boom
that's rats rats I hate that they drive
me crazy crazy ice crazy want and let me
me a rubber room at their ass black I
hate rats Tasers crazy crazy I see one
they love to eat that room a rubber room
with drat
rats I hate rats they go crazy crazy as
crazy one
I want me boom a rubber me
we're at Spratt I hate rat they drive me
crazy crazy ice crazy like that watch me
noon a rap room with rats rats
I hate rats think I'm crazy crazy I was
crazy once they walk a moon a rubber
room
what's rats rats I hate that they do the
crazy crazy I was crazy you want they
want me noon a rubber room with the rats
rats I hate rats think I'm crazy crazy
as crazy as you want
however move which rat - rat
I hate that they drive me crazy crazy
one Robert a room with the rat sure I
hate rats
they drive crazy crazy guys crazy ones I
love rats rats I hate rats
they do crazy freaky as crazy like rats
I hate rats dude I'm a crazy crazy house
crazy one they want me move
what's rats rats I hate that and I'm
crazy
okay once